What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    A folder that is initialized as a git repository becomes tracked using the 
    git version control system where a ".git" folder is created to track metadata.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

    The staging area provides a space to select specifically what files should be 
    included for a commit.  This is valuable in that commits can include specific 
    files rather than including changes for all the files in a repository so that
    commits can be separated more logically.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

    Although the working directory may have multiple changes across multiple files,
    using the staging area to select which specific files to use for a commit can
    be useful to split each commit logically between files

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

    Branches are helpful in situations where a software development project needs to
    diverge in order to take multilpe directions.  In situations where a new feature
    of a project being tested or where different versious are to be released, branches
    are especially useful.  Branches also help when collaborating with others on a
    project where multiple people contribute.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    Diagrams help visualize branch structure by showing the chain of commits associated
    in each branch relative to other branches.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

    Two branches merged together results in a single branch that combines the changes made
    since the point at which the branch was created.  The resulting branch has the branch name 
    of the branch checked out when the merge occured, unless the merge includes the master
    branch in which master will be the name of the new branch. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

    Git merging allows for systematic, methodical merging of multiple branches that is time efficient,
    however merging may contain conflicts which cannot be automatically merged and requires a developer
    to review the code before making a final commit that combines multilpe branches.